[Music]
all right now that we're back down to
earth after all that Vision Pro launch
stuff I've had a chance to go back and
repick up some of the things that I was
testing that got like interrupted by
that week of chaos and there's some
really good stuff the Oppo Find X7 Ultra
design I really like more than I
expected the Zenbook Duo the full screen
dual screen laptop for 2024 is kind of
sick and there's some other stuff that
is better than expected but the one that
stood out to me maybe the most of the
small is this guy right here the OnePlus
12 this may have flown a little bit
under the radar I mean with everything
that's been going on but it's gotten
some improvements from last year and it
is priced very competitively matter of
fact let's just start with that $7.99
and you also get a free upgrade to the
16 gigs of RAM half terabyte model for
that price if you pre-order it's
literally already marked down to that on
Amazon so I'll have a link below
Flagship price yes but when it's
competing theoretically against some of
the old phones 1,000 1200
$1,300 then suddenly it's kind of in the
category of uh dare I say Flagship
killer so look it's nearly the same on
the outside they found what they like
and they're keeping it consistent same
shapes same camera bump Circle that kind
of melts into the side with these neural
details around it it's still Gorilla
Glass 5 on the back and there's a new
set of colors and textures but in
general you'd be forgiven for thinking
it's nearly the same as last year or
maybe you wouldn't but don't let that
fool you up front this screen is I think
the biggest noticeable physical
difference from last year it gets way
brighter up to 1,600 nits outdoors and
it's hitting crazy numbers now 4,500
knits Peak HDR brightness basically it's
super impressive and extremely readable
outdoors and in any light but it also
gets extremely dim too now I don't like
that it's this curved over the edges
like you can see the light fall off and
the extra Reflections that come with
that but basically from corner to corner
this 6.8 in 1440p ltpo Pro xdr display
is a real upgrade over last year so then
the rest of the upgrades to this phone
are definitely a case of a bunch of
little changes all like stacking up on
top of each other to equal a large
difference from last year does that make
sense like that's that's what
smartphones are nowadays I remember
reviewing the OnePlus One and then the
OnePlus 2 the next year and just the
gigantic total shift big Direction
changes between those two phones
nowadays it's just about like finding a
bunch of clever little things and
stacking a bunch of little improvements
on top of each other just make the user
experience a little better so obviously
if you're going to be a Flagship killer
you got to have the newest chip inside
so it does it's a Snapdragon 8 gen 3 not
that you'll notice a whole ton of
difference side by side with a
Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 phone but this phone
does have much better cooling as well so
it's giving them some headro to play
with slightly boosted clock speeds and
it's benchmarking right behind the
gaming phones and the s24 ultra in real
real world use that just means this
phone is super fast really really fluid
it's a smooth phone all the time like
this is something one plus has done
really well for a long time even with
high performance mode being off in the
battery settings by default but speaking
of battery this phone is definitely
prioritizing battery super long battery
life over like Ultra high-end
performance numbers and getting every
last FPS out of the thing and as a
result this is a battery champ first of
all you just start with a huge capacitor
so it's got one of the biggest batteries
ever in a OnePlus Flagship it's now a
5400 mAh battery that's bigger than a
lot of other phones that are Ultras now
and you better believe they've kept
their trademarked super fast charging
also so it's technically a split battery
it's dual 2700 mampers and it can juice
up at 80 Watts wired this combination of
huge battery awesome battery life
prioritization of battery length and
Ultra fast charging honestly makes this
at least a contender to think about now
for battery champ of the Year matter of
fact if you just leave this phone and
all of its out the boox settings meaning
not in high performance mode just
regular performance mode by default
1080p which it is out the box and then
just Auto frame rate you can get two
full light days out of this phone and
then when you finally do get down to
near zero you can charge up to half
battery in like 12 minutes if you want
to go all the way full that's only going
to take about half an hour it's just so
easy and on top of all of that there is
up to 50 W wireless charging so if
you've got a compatible airv charger you
obviously have to buy that separately
but the OnePlus 11 didn't even have
wireless charging at all so this is a
gigantic Improvement I almost want to
get greedy and also wish that there was
ch2 support for wireless charging but I
don't know about you but ch2 has felt
like it's off to a weird Rocky start
especially this year it's been
surprisingly uncommon for any phones to
support ch2 with the magnets and
wireless charging this is likely because
there seems to be a 15 W charging limit
with ch2 for now so if you want to do
fast wireless charging you aren't doing
ch2 so yeah no ch2 Wireless no magnets
but very very fast charging either way
way better display better chip better
battery and also now the cameras have
gotten an upgrade now I'm just going to
say cameras have been a relatively weak
point for oneplus's highest end phones
for a while now we've always wanted to
call them Flagship Killers but people
love cameras in Flagship phones and just
hasn't quite been able to match that
highest level I'd say now it's on the
acceptable for a flagship level but it's
not quite beating those yet and that's
still true about this phone now this
main sensor it is actually very slightly
different instead of the OnePlus open
Sony lyt t808 sensor it is the lyt 808
sensor it's two more megapixels it's
slightly wider aperture with the glass
in front of it nevertheless basically
these OnePlus 12 photos aren't going to
shock you I've done some side-by-side
comparisons I've even said this before
it's pretty good most of the time it's
pretty sharp it's a little contrasti
than the OnePlus open the HDR effect
looks fine it just it falls apart a
little too quickly as soon as there's
adverse conditions especially low light
but here's the thing just for the
context of that it's not that far behind
we've already tested this because we did
the blind smartphone camera test last
year with 20 of the best smartphone
cameras in the world and in that test
was the OnePlus open so yeah there's a
lot of software involved these cameras
but basically this extremely similar
camera system in the standard light
photo it had the third highest ELO
rating behind the two pixels then in
portrait mode it was also top 10 but in
low light it was fifth from the bottom
right around the Sony and below the
razor so in summary yeah the camera
system is new it does have new hardware
it has a new zoom and everything but all
together it is just like a lot of the
other stuff I'm showing you a little bit
better than last year and that's going
to be good enough for a lot of people
actually most people most of the time
but if we want to consider it Flagship
it's just there is a little bit of a gap
till it reaches the best but I'll tell
you what they keep they even more keep
stacking it up there are so many little
things about using this OnePlus phone
that I really like like I love that I
can specifically Force any app I want to
be at whatever frame rate I want like
there's literally a list of every single
app on my phone and by default you've
probably noticed all of the mapping apps
like ways and Google Maps they always
even on every other 120 HZ phone they
always override and run at 60 HZ but on
this phone I can just fix it just give
me all the frames please I also love
that this phone has an infrared blaster
one of the least common features in the
world of a modern smartphone alongside
like a headphone jack but yeah it
literally lets you turn on and off and
control appliances remotely without
having to find the remote like this TV
here or or a stranger TV I don't know
it's the little things I love that this
USBC Port not only supports basically
the fastest charging we've ever seen on
a phone in the US but also
supports extremely fast data transfer
speeds this is a USB 3.2 gen 1 Port the
names and and generations are horrible
at this point and Incredibly confusing
all you really need to know is that this
has basically the best data speeds
available from a USBC phone so if you
get the right cable you can get large
files like videos on and off of the
device real quick and then a lot of you
will probably love that this new screen
supports High pwm dimming if you've
never heard of this before it might not
even matter to you but there is a select
fraction of the population that is
specifically sensitive to the flickering
that becomes visible at super low
brightness with a lot of these
smartphone OLED displays to the point
where like it causes headaches and eye
fatigue so some smartphones including
this one are now addressing it with
super high pulse width modulation
basically they still flicker on and off
to get that lower perceived brightness
but much much faster than the human eye
can perceive 2,160 HZ in this phone's
case so it still appears liquid smooth
at all brightness levels which is
awesome if you use your phone in the
rain or when it's wet you probably
already know how chaotic that feels like
there's memes about it like it it just
seems to kind of act on its own when
there's water droplets on the screen but
this phone claims that with a new
technology called aqua touch it will
totally remain as usable as ever even
with water all over the screen now you
might have seen the ads for it it might
sound ridiculous but it actually works
it's not not perfect obviously but you
can definitely feel that it's
dramatically more responsive to the
point where I can actually type things
on this wet phone screen where I just
would not want to do that on any other
phone without this kind of feels like
magic I am very impressed and then
there's even just extra little tiny
things on top of that like 12 or 16 gigs
of fast Ram that's sick feature prooof
um also Dolby Atmos with spatial audio
support great it also has great haptics
like all this tiny stuff adds up to be a
great overall experience but it's not
perfect right let's be real no phone is
perfect but at least I can say about
this phone that also the downsides are
also a couple small things like I for
one I've already talked about this but
I'm kind of over the curve displays so
this one keeping that it's not a deal
breaker like you might even argue it's a
little more character to this phone in
the world of 2024 smartphones but it
definitely has its downsides from the
glare to the light falloff to the drop
test durability but okay fine they've
gone curved but then the fingerprint
sensor underneath is also still a pretty
average Optical sensor doesn't feel like
it's been upgraded in years and then for
having the new Snapdragon 8 gen 3 chip
inside which a lot of other flagships do
this phone doesn't really have any of
the AI
features like at all and this is
something I wanted to keep an eye on
with all these phones coming out with
this chip early in this year which is
okay Qualcomm puts out a new chip small
performance gains small efficiency gains
but also huge new AI
capabilities and this phone kind of just
skipped the AI part now not that that's
a disaster but those were some genuinely
useful features the only one I found on
this phone is in the photo editor and
it's called AI palets but it's just like
a color overlay I don't even really
think there's that much AI going on with
this at all so none of that generative
fill crop correction none of that magic
editor stuff none of that auto live
transcription of phone calls or live
translation of phone calls none of that
like speaker labels in The Voice app
none of the auto summaries in the
browser anything like that it's just
none of it it's not on this phone and
then also random bug I don't know every
time I'm in the overlay browser and I
reach up to my favorite little alert
slider on the OnePlus phone and change
modes it opens a search box like to find
in page I don't know why they shouldn't
be connected but it does it every single
time but maybe the biggest legitimate
downside of this phone when you're
comparing it to to the other flagships
it's going up against is it's promised
fewer years of software update support
now I've already gotten a pretty major
software update since I started testing
this phone big camera improvements and
Bug fixes and stuff like that great but
they are only promising only promising
four years of software updates and 5
years of security updates now that's
fine a lot of people only plan on
keeping this phone for 3 or 4 years
maybe 5 years before I'm moving on to
the next one but in the world of the
flagships the pixels the Samsungs of the
world even the iPhones giving you six or
seven years of software updates this is
just notably behind on that maybe
OnePlus didn't think it was worth the
extra resources it doesn't think people
care that much about it to actually
spend money on it to put the resources
in but yeah four or five versus seven so
is this a Flagship
killer well that just depends on your
definition of a flagship doesn't it I
think this is probably the most
compelling thing about this phone is
going to be how competitively priced it
is because it's very similar in a lot of
ways to let's call it s24 Ultra right
but I've seen this phone the 16 gigs of
RAM half terabyte version for $8.99 on
their site but if you pre-order it you
can get that for
$7.99 but they're also advertising it in
a lot of places for $6.99 because
they're apparently just giving you a 100
bucks for a tradein of any phone in any
condition so if you're going with
$699 and this phone starts at 1,300
bucks then yeah that is a damn good deal
so yeah i' just be looking at what's
important to you like if I would say if
camera is really important to you or if
long-term software support is actually
super high on your list or if any of
those AI features looked really
compelling or really interesting that
you'd want them then you'd probably end
up going with one of those other
flagships but for everything else like
for performance for a great screen for
incredible battery super fast charging
Ultra smooth like this phone is is
better than you probably think oh and on
top of all that OnePlus also around the
same time has released this phone right
here it looks almost the same but this
is the OnePlus
12r and this is just a a budget budgeted
a budget version even more so than this
phone already just basically cutting a
few Corners a few corners on the camera
right it's a Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 instead
of the Gen 3 there's no wireless
charging things like that it's uh IP 64
instead of ip65 whatever it's a slightly
trimmed down version again 500
bucks I'm just saying so if these phones
weren't already on your radar they
probably should be thanks for watching
catch you guys in the next one peace
[Music]